[modules][av][Android] Fix libraries using ViewDefinitionBuilder.kt crashes in release with proguard enabled (#20197)
expo/expo: packages/expo-modules-core/CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed build errors when testing on React Native nightly builds. ([#19805](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/19805) by [@kudo](https://github.com/kudo))
- Fixed failed resolution of 'java.nio.file.Path' on Android. ([#20037](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/20037) by [@lukmccall](https://github.com/lukmccall))
- Fixed views are not correctly initialized after reloading on Android. ([#20063](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/20063) by [@lukmccall](https://github.com/lukmccall))

> - Fixed libraries using the `ViewDefinitionBuilder` crashes in the release when the proguard is enabled on Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed libraries using the `ViewDefinitionBuilder` crashes when ProGuard or R8 is enabled on Android.
```
